README.md, before:

## My Python 3 Cookbook  

This repo contains interesting recipes, code snippets, exercises, and other useful (and not-so-useful) Python 3 programs.  

I'll do my best to make sure that all of my cribbed and copied material is properly attributed, but if you poach anything from this site, find the original source or just don't make any money off of it.  

### Sources that I have used:

[Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/) -- [Creative Commons License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)  
Automate The Boring Stuff with Python: Practical Programming for Total Beginners by Al Sweigart (No Starch Press).  
April 2015, 504 pp. ISBN-13: 978-1-59327-599-0  
[I am here](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/chapter2/)

[Python Cookbook Third Edition](http://www.onlineprogrammingbooks.com/python-cookbook-third-edition/)  
Python Cookbook, 3rd edition, by David Beazley and Brian K. Jones (O’Reilly).  
Copyright 2013 David Beazley and Brian Jones, 978-1-449-34037-7.  
The online version can be [found here](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000393/index.html).  
Code samples can be [found on Github](https://github.com/dabeaz/python-cookbook).  
5.17 Writing Bytes to a Text File  

[Python Problems and Solutions](http://www.sanfoundry.com/python-problems-solutions/).

Commit message:

Writing Bytes to a Text File

README.md, after:

## My Python 3 Cookbook  

This repo contains interesting recipes, code snippets, exercises, and other useful (and not-so-useful) Python 3 programs.  

I'll do my best to make sure that all of my cribbed and copied material is properly attributed, but if you poach anything from this site, find the original source or just don't make any money off of it.  

### Sources that I have used:

[Automate the Boring Stuff with Python](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/) -- [Creative Commons License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/)  
Automate The Boring Stuff with Python: Practical Programming for Total Beginners by Al Sweigart (No Starch Press).  
April 2015, 504 pp. ISBN-13: 978-1-59327-599-0  
[I am here](https://automatetheboringstuff.com/chapter2/)

[Python Cookbook Third Edition](http://www.onlineprogrammingbooks.com/python-cookbook-third-edition/)  
Python Cookbook, 3rd edition, by David Beazley and Brian K. Jones (O’Reilly).  
Copyright 2013 David Beazley and Brian Jones, 978-1-449-34037-7.  
The online version can be [found here](http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000393/index.html).  
Code samples can be [found on Github](https://github.com/dabeaz/python-cookbook).  
5.18 Wrapping an Existing File Descriptor as a File Object  

[Python Problems and Solutions](http://www.sanfoundry.com/python-problems-solutions/).
